gh-101100: Documenting --prefix and --exec-prefix. (#102695)
python/cpython: Doc/library/sys.rst

   A string giving the site-specific directory prefix where the platform
   independent Python files are installed; on Unix, the default is

>    ``'/usr/local'``.  This can be set at build time with the :option:`--prefix`

Reviewer: ```suggestion
   :file:`/usr/local`. This can be set at build time with the :option:`--prefix`
```
